Subject: Live Test of AAM vs. DCL Functionality

I need to verify the live functionality of the AAM and DCL as described in replit (1).md. Please help me run a two-part test in the autonomos-platform environment.

Part 1: AAM Schema Drift Test

This test will check the AAM's "drift detection" and "auto-repair" features.

Let's use the FileSource connector. Please locate the source file it's configured to read.

I want to simulate schema drift. Please modify the header of that source file: rename a single column (e.g., if a column is opportunity_value, rename it to opportunity_amount).

After the change, trigger an ingestion from that FileSource.

Verification: Please monitor the AAM's event stream or logs (specifically for "drift" events). What do you observe?

Does the system log a "drift detection" event?

Does the "auto-repair agent" attempt to map the old field to the new one?

Does the data still flow through, or does the connection break?

Part 2: DCL Entity Mapping Test

This test will check the DCL's "AI-powered entity mapping" and "unified view creation".

First, please ensure the AAM connection from Part 1 is working (either repaired or reverted to its original state).

I want to ingest two records that represent the same entity but have slight mismatches. Let's use two different connectors, for example, FileSource and Supabase.

Ingest this record from FileSource: {"contact_name": "William Johnson", "email": "bill.j@example-corp.com"}

Ingest this record from Supabase: {"name": "Bill Johnson", "email": "bill.j@example-corp.com"}

Verification: After both records are ingested and processed by the DCL, please run a SQL query directly against the materialized_contacts table in the PostgreSQL database.

SELECT * FROM materialized_contacts WHERE email = 'bill.j@example-corp.com';

How many records are returned?

If one record is returned, does it correctly unify the data (e.g., using "William Johnson" as the name)?

Please execute these tests and report the live results.